hey guys so today we are doing this
green and purple look you could use
green and purple without making it look
very Barney um I'm sorry about the
lighting I'm still working out things
cuz I moved a couple things on my desk
so hopefully this works out for you guys
in the meanwhile Oh dropping things so
yeah if you guys want to learn how to do
this please stay tuned for more hey so
to get started I've already Prime I
lived with Urban Decay primer potion I'm
gonna be taking absinthe from sugarpill
and I'm going to mix it with a little
bit of clear eyes just to UM apply it
wet and I'm putting it on the steel
palette and what it does is it create
this paste so that when you put it on
your eyes the color shows up a little
bit brighter so I'm gonna put that right
on my lower third and just cover all of
my lid you can see right there that it's
a little more shiny and usually that
happens when you do that with pigments
now towards the edges I'm going to be
taking um the end of this brush right at
the tips and I'm gonna flip it like
frontward and blend it out that way just
so the lines not harsh then next I'm
going to be taking a plumage from Mac
and a pencil brush I'm going to get some
of that on there and I'm going to apply
that in my outer corner just to add a
little bit of dimension to it
now as I get closer to my brow I'm gonna
be a little bit lighter on the brush and
I'm doing that by holding it farther
back because the less back that you are
on the brush to less pressure you're
putting on your face and I'll blend it
out easier and just to help um blend
that out a little bit better i'm just
going to take a clean fluffy brush and
just go over that a little bit now on my
inner corner I'm gonna be taking Ben
dies magic color cream pencil and I'm
just gonna place that right in the inner
corner put that a little bit in to that
green it doesn't need to be perfect
because I'm going to be taking a pencil
brush and I'm gonna blend that right
into it
then I'm going to take taco from
sugarpill the same brush that I just
used to blend it out and I'm going to
set that white cream pencil right over
it and after i'm going to be putting a
make up for ever's aqua eyes and this is
they're all just a black eyeliner so I'm
going to put that in my waterline I'm
also going to tightline so I'm going to
do that really quick and I'll be right
back then underneath that eyeliner I'm
going to be taking Urban Decay's 24-7
glide on pencil and this one's in binge
so I'm gonna place that right underneath
my lashes it doesn't have to be a thick
line this is just going to serve as a
caller base for the eyeshadow i'm going
to put over it and i'm going to stop
right about this point just blend that
out a little bit with your finger and
then I'm going to take poison plum by
sugarpill and this angled brush just
like that and I'm just going to place
that right over that eyeliner and pull
it down word for that wing I'm still
going to be using the cream pencil I'm
going to be using this flat brush this
is the 212 for mac and i'm going to get
some of that on I'm just gonna push the
brush up against that liner or the cream
pencil or whatever you want to call it
and then I'm just gonna follow from
where the corner of my eye is and drag
it out word then I'm going to use it
same brush I'm going to get some of that
white eyeshadow that we used earlier and
just set that and just push it right up
against it and fling it outward to make
that I just look a little more clean and
to drag it out word i'm going to be
taking poison plum again with that same
brush and just follow right underneath
that line i created and i'm going to do
that same thing above that except i'm
going to use plumage and just blend that
upward
asli I'm going to put some eyeliner on
I'm using Maybelline's line stiletto and
then I'm gonna be putting red cherry
lashes on it i'm using the number 62 so
i'm gonna do that really quick and i'll
be right back how did I have that done I
actually forgot to highlight so I'm
going to take taco again and I'm gonna
be taking my 227 get some of the excess
off and just put that right underneath
my brow to finish off i'm just going to
be putting um benetton on my lips just
to give it a little bit of a stay in so
i'm gonna do that really quick all right
that's pretty much it so thanks so much
for looking guys I hope you guys enjoyed
and until next time I'll see you guys
soon bye